fix CLI docs for website, links and frontmatter (#2799)
operator-framework/operator-sdk: doc/cli/index.md

> CLI documentation is now located in `website/content/en/docs/cli/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CLI documentation is now available on the Operator SDK [website](https://operator-sdk.netlify.com/docs/cli/).
```
